families like a gun
you're pointed in the wrong direction
you're going to kill somebody Tina's
your kids sir they hate your husband
absolutely everything
of course
families gotta stick together come hell
or high water carry this with me at all
times just in case mr. Murray if you
come home right now mom has been a
steady in the park with the steak knife
okay
did you eat anything today yeah sit down
fix you something tell me what you said
you heard what I said tell me what you
said Collard come on your husband died
of a heart attack no one dies of a heart
attack they died have discussed you're
not the first woman in the world has had
a hard time I think it's kind of warm
for this time of year don't you think
damage to the ozone what is it
but he'll you've been the last 10 years
married how is he busted anyway
dangerous let's see
sincerely dangerous see this man call
that wait eight seconds and
do you know what the word in cancun
least when asked enemy thinks TV gives
you cancer
you can't know something unless you
experience it first
trust me you trust me first